Add API to Glossary (#3812)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/glossary/index.md

Most generally, this represents an [EOA](#eoa) or [contract](#contract-accouint) that can receive (destination address) or send (source address) [transactions](#transaction) on the blockchain. More specifically, it is the rightmost 160 bits of a [Keccak hash](#keccak-256) of an [ECDSA](#ecdsa) [public key](#public-key).

### application programming interface

> An API is a set of definitions and protocols for building and integrating application software. API stands for application programming interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Application Programming Interface (API) is a set of definitions for how to use a piece of software. An API sits between an application and a web server, and facilitates the transfer of data between them.
```

## D {#section-d}

### DAG

> DAG stands for Directed Acyclic Graph and without going into too many details, it is a crucial file in ETH and ETC mining. DAG file size grows over time, exactly every 30.000 blocks (Ethereum) or every 100 hours to be precise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is used to make the Ethash Proof-of-Work (PoW) ASIC resistant. The DAG dataset is a resource used when calculating the proof-of-work, and requires choosing subsets of a fixed resource dependent on the nonce and block header. A new DAG dataset is created every 30000 blocks (a 100 hour window, called an epoch), and is a few GB in size.
```
This means that calculating the PoW requires choosing subsets of a fixed resource dependent on the nonce and block header.
